To use Gradle: At the moment you MUST have the checker-framework built from
source as described in:
http://types.cs.washington.edu/checker-framework/current/checkers-manual.html#build-source
You must have the JSR308 and CHECKERS environment variables set as described in
the manual.

Download from: http://www.gradle.org/ Note:  I have a version with read/execute
permissions available at: /homes/gws/jburke/gradle/current The executable is
merely a script that runs a java jar so you should only have to download,
unzip, and add the bin directory to your path.

You must also check out and build checker-framework-inference source:
cd $JSR308
hg clone https://code.google.com/p/checker-framework-inference/
cd checker-framework-inference
gradle dist

Please read the comments at the top of the build scripts for more information
on running them but a quick description appears below.  Gradle works much like
Ant with "Tasks" replacing "Targets" and Groovy replacing xml (plus a lot of
nice features like dependency resolution). Note:  The exact behavior of these
scripts will likely be tweaked in the future.  They currently do not support
tests.

NOTE:  You can always see the documentation of all tasks for a gradle project
by executing: gradle -q tasks

In the Checker Framework Inference directory, the command gradle compileJava will  
compile BOTH the scala and java files in the src directory.

gradle jar - Creates a jar of ONLY checker-framework-inference code

gradle dist - If you have the standard JSR308 layout (i.e. a jsr308 dir with
jsr308-langotols, annotation-file-utilities, checker-framework, and
checker-framework-inference source projects in it) and all of the projects are built,
then this will compile verigames and move all relevant jars (including scala jars)
into the dist directory.

gradle clean - removes all built files including jars

Verigames: There are 4 files related to gradle in verigames.  java/build.gradle
is the parent project that allows both java/Generation and java/Translation to
be built via gradle.

gradle compileJava - Compiles both scala and java files in the Generation and
Translation

gradle jar - Create a "fat jar" there is no "allJar" because Generation and
Translation can be used to create their own standalone jars individuall.  This
requires that you have already called the allJar task in
Checker-Framework-Inference although this requirement is likely to be relaxed
in the future.

gradle clean - removes built files including jars

to run verigames and inference - See the README and use dist/scripts/python.py
