By installing this game and other UW Center for Game Science games you acknowledge that:
a) We are recording logs of player decisions. As you play this game, you are participating in a research study, and it is keeping a record of your decisions and pathways through the game so that the game’s creators, researchers at the University of Washington*, can improve the game for future players. Your mouse clicks and key presses are being recorded. This is used to help us determine where players get stuck, so we can identify if it is a problem with the game design or with learning goals.  We also use this information to personalize the game experience to each player.  Your play log will be added to a massive dataset that shows us trends in player behavior. This data will be kept for 7 years. This logging is no different than the standard practice in the game industry aimed at improving player’s experience.
b) We are also keeping track of your network of friends who also play these games. We do this to see if players leverage their social network while playing. We are removing your and your friends’ names from the data before analyzing it and it will be impossible to link the data to you or your friends.
c) The data will be shared with our collaborators at UT Austin, DARPA, and ONR who are working with us on this project.
d) This data may be published or shared with the academic community for the purposes of presenting research findings and furthering the advancement of improving games and learning through games.
e) Game administrators reserve the right to disable game accounts at any time.
If at any time you do not want to participate in our research, simply stop playing.
Please contact us if you do not want any of your previously recorded data to be used in our research or if you have any questions or concerns. We can be reached at cgs-feedback@cs.washington.edu or at (206) 616-2660. If you have questions about your rights as a research participant, you may contact a member of UW’s Human Subjects Division at (206) 543-0098. Please note that emails are considered insecure and privacy is not guaranteed.
By checking Agree below, you agree that you have read the above terms and give your consent to conduct research on your game playing. If you are under 18, you agree that a parent or guardian has read the above terms and gives their consent for research.
*This study is part of a research project entitled A Game Based Learning and Problem Solving Framework with researchers: Zoran Popović, Seth Cooper, Erik Anderson, Yun-En Liu – Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington; John Bransford, Philip Bell, Nancy Vye, Andrew Shouse, Mark Chen, Theresa Horstman, Rachel Phillips – College of Education, University of Washington; Jeffrey Lin, Bjorn Huber-Wallander – Psychology, University of Washington
