STUDENT TERMS OF SERVICE AND CONSENT 

Participation in research is voluntary. If you decide that you do not want to participate, you can indicate your wishes below and we will not include your data in our research. Your data will only be used by your teacher.
If you choose to participate in the research:
a) We will record logs of player decisions and player scores. As you use this technology-based tool or game, it will keep a record of your decisions and pathways so that the creators, researchers at the University of Washington*, can improve it for future players, as well as see whether it improves your abilities over time. Your mouse clicks and key presses will be recorded. Your user data will be used to help us determine where users get stuck, so we can identify if it is a problem with the design or with learning goals. We will also use this information to personalize the experience to you. Your play log will be added to a massive dataset that shows us trends in user behavior. This data will be kept for 7 years. This logging is no different than the standard practice in the game industry aimed at improving user experience.
b) If you give your permission, your teacher will provide some basic demographic information:  Your Age, Gender, and Education Level.
c) This research is funded by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, and DARPA / Office of Naval Research. Aggregated (non-personally identifiable) data will be shared with our funders.
d) This data may be published or shared with the academic community for the purposes of presenting research findings and furthering the advancement of improving games and learning through games. The log data will be in the aggregate and collected form (not per individual), without the possibility for anyone to determine any personably identifiable information or even personably identifiable game play information. 
If you have any questions or concerns about the research or tool/game, please feel free to contact us at cgs-feedback@cs.washington.edu or at (206) 616-2660. If you have questions about your rights as a research participant, you may contact a member of UW’s Human Subjects Division at (206) 543-0098 or via email at hsdinfo@uw.edu. Please note that emails are considered insecure and privacy is not guaranteed.

*Researchers:
Zoran Popović, Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington
Christy Ballweber, Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington

Efficacy and Use of An Integrated Teacher Portal and Technology-Based Learning Framework:
Curriculum and Educational Tool / Game Delivery System with a student performance dashboard.